feat(c/sedona-s2geography,rust/sedona-functions): Add ST_Segmentize, ST_TessellateGeom, ST_TessellateGeog (#867)
apache/sedona-db: docs/reference/sql/st_tessellategeom.qmd

---
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
# or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
# distributed with this work for additional information
# regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
# to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
# "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
# with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
# software distributed under the License is distributed on an
# "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
# KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
# specific language governing permissions and limitations
# under the License.

title: ST_TessellateGeom

> description: Tessellates a geography into a geometry using spherical interpolation.

Reviewer: I find the current wording here a bit difficult to parse. Same comment for the Geog function and maybe the longer descriptions as well.

```suggestion
description: Converts a geography to geometry, densifying edges to approximate geodesic segments as planar lines.
```
